= jquery-placeholder-plugin

Placeholder plugin for jquery using HTML5 data attributes

== Following versions of jQuery are supported:

* 1.4
* 1.4.1
* 1.4.2
* 1.4.3
* 1.6.2

Other version have not been tested but it is assumed to worked from 1.4.0 onwards

== Installation

Download jQuery from http://docs.jquery.com/Downloading_jQuery. Then download src/jquery-placeholder.js

== Usage

1. Have a text field like below:

  <input type="text" name="q" data-placeholder="Product or Service" class="search">

2. Call the 'placeholder' method on a class you define. In the above example we will use the class 'search'

  $('.search').placeholder();

This will add the text in the data attribute 'data-placeholder' as the value or the form field. When the placeholder text is active, the field will also gain a class called placeholder-input which can be used to style the text.

== Options

=== attribute

Allows you to change the HTML5 data attribute name.

  $('.search').placeholder({attribute:'default'});

This will change the plugin to look for the default text in the data attribute called 'data-default'

=== color

Allows you to change the color of the placeholder.

  $('.search').placeholder( { color:'#b9b9b9' });

This will change the colour of the placeholder text. When focused, the input color will revert to what was originally defined

Note: If you styled the colour of the entered text inline with the HTML, this will get cleared. But you really shouldn't be styling there anyway.

== Todo

* Allow changes to the active placeholder class that gets inserted.
